[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> I was in Peru recently.
And I was staying
at a friend's house.
And a group of young
people came over.
And they had kids with them.
And they were financially
not very well off.
And I could clearly see that
their intention was right.
These were individuals who
wanted to be vegetarian.
They wanted to have
a right relationship
with plants, and with
animals, and with everybody.
And I could see that financial
challenges had actually
probably led them to not
really being able to access
a holistic nutrition program.
And I had the
incredible opportunity
of feeding my
chocolate to a child.
And I knew it was the first
time in that child's life
that they'd ever had
something like that.
And it was beyond incredible.
It was beyond
incredible because you
could see what happened
moment to moment, not
only in the child's mind,
that flavor experience.
And all of a sudden, all
these thoughts came in.
But then physically,
that level of nutrition,
to suddenly go from kind of poor
nutrition to rich nutrition,
how it filled in gaps
instantly in that child's diet
and nutritional requirements.
That is to me what
it's all about.
It's about touching people's
lives in a real way.
Touching kids' lives wherever
they are at in their journey.
Just because I'm an expert in
organic and raw foods and herbs
and that kind of thing, I
don't expect anyone else to be.
My job is to take the
best that I know and feed
it to the business leaders of
the world, who are too busy
doing what they do.
They don't have time
to think about food.
They just call me up and say
look, you figure it out for me.
This is the calls I get.
People call me up and they
say look, I'm too busy.
You figure it out for me.
Just send me the stuff.
Tell me what to do.
That's the program that I'm on.
That's what I do for people.
And we just send it to them.
And then the feedback that we
get is incredible because what
it is is something that we
actually cannot put into words.
Let's do a little
imaginative exercise.
Imagine that we never actually
in our whole life ever
had the exact correct
food for ourselves.
Imagine that our parents
never had that either.
Imagine that our
great-grandparents never
had it, even going back.
That we never really had it
completely dialed in perfectly.
Yes, we had enough
nutrition so we could
go through the life cycle.
It reminds me of
this salamander.
There's a type of
salamander that
can actually go through
its complete life
cycle in the tadpole stage.
So it can actually sexually
reproduce in an immature stage
and go through that life cycle.
But when all the conditions are
right, when the food is right,
the environments
are right, the rains
are right, that salamander
will go completely
into its salamander stage and
can reproduce at that stage.
And I look at the human
condition, something
like that, where we
have never really
had all the pieces
of the puzzle there.
We've never had
all the right food
and the nutrition
requirements met completely.
Maybe there's been some
great herbalist in history
who figured it out.
And maybe there
were great cultures
of people that had it
figured out for a while.
But we have this
opportunity in front of us,
where all of a sudden we broke
apart all the old traditions
and we're able to reconfigure
what our real dietary
needs are.
Not something that's contrived
in chemical laboratories,
but is real and works.
And you can physically feel it.
You can feel it in
your consciousness.
And you can see it.
That to me is the
truth of the matter.
Seeing is believing.
You know, I've been a
raw foodist for 13 years.
And I've eaten raw organic foods
and superfoods for 13 years,
and herbs.
And I feel better now than I
did when I was 16 years old.
That's important news.
That is the news.
I mean, what are they
talking about on the news?
It's like death, pain, fire,
destruction, disasters.
How about scientists
have discovered
that they are completely wrong?
Real herbalists
and nutritionists
have actually made shocking
breakthroughs, which
have led to the discovery that
we can have the best day ever,
all the time.
And we can feel great forever.
And we'll never be
sick ever again.
That is where we are at.
If we actually want
to, if we choose,
we can actually design
a diet for ourselves
where we feel
great all the time.
We never have any
digestive disturbances.
We feel completely
in balance always.
We're having enough
energy in our body,
where we don't feel depressive
states; states of sadness,
morbidity,
negativity, et cetera,
et cetera, and on, and on.
This is to me one of the
great discoveries of our time.
What is more powerful than that.
And am I saying that
food is the answer
and that you eat this food
and suddenly you become
like Superman or something?
And the answer is,
that's not exactly true.
But it's partially true.
It is partially true.
And that is a truth
that needs to be heard,
that if you eat junk
food your thoughts are
going to tend towards junk.
It doesn't mean always
they'll be junk.
But they'll tend that way.
And if you eat the
best food ever,
your thoughts will
tend towards totally
unique and original
thought forms,
that empower you and others.
[MUSIC PLAYING]